Update host prefix descriptions for clarity (#353)
coreweave/terraform-provider-coreweave: docs/resources/networking_vpc.md

- `dhcp` (Attributes) Settings affecting DHCP behavior within the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp))
- `egress` (Attributes) Settings affecting traffic leaving the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress))

> - `host_prefix` (String, Deprecated) An IPv4 CIDR range used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. For SUNK clusters, use a prefix no smaller than your Zone's default host prefix (a mask no longer than the default) so that host addresses reflect each node's physical location. SUNK uses this location information to place network-adjacent nodes together, which improves distributed-training performance. A prefix smaller than the Zone default (a longer mask) doesn't carry this location information, so it produces less optimal placement. If you need a different size, CoreWeave can approve one for your account on request. For non-SUNK VPCs, any prefix size is accepted. However, NVL72 rack-level instances require a host prefix no smaller than the Zone's default host prefix. A smaller prefix forces dynamic address allocation and breaks IMEX address mapping across the cluster. If left unspecified, a Zone-specific default value will be applied by the server. See [Host prefixes](https://docs.coreweave.com/products/networking/vpc/create-manage-vpcs#host-prefixes) for details. This field is immutable once set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `host_prefix` (String, Deprecated) An IPv4 CIDR range used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. For SUNK clusters, use a prefix no smaller than your Zone's default host prefix (a mask no longer than the default) so that host addresses reflect each node's physical location. SUNK uses this location information to place network-adjacent nodes together, which improves distributed-training performance. A prefix smaller than the Zone default (a longer mask) doesn't carry this location information, so it produces less optimal placement. If you need a different size, CoreWeave can approve one for your account on request. For non-SUNK VPCs, any prefix size is accepted. However, NVL72 rack-level instances require a host prefix no smaller than the Zone's default host prefix. A smaller prefix forces dynamic address allocation, which breaks standard IMEX address mapping across the cluster. IMEX with Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) doesn't have this limitation. If left unspecified, a Zone-specific default value will be applied by the server. See [Host prefixes](https://docs.coreweave.com/products/networking/vpc/create-manage-vpcs#host-prefixes) for details. This field is immutable once set.
```

Author: Applied with `make generate`.

> - `host_prefix` (String, Deprecated) An IPv4 CIDR range used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. For SUNK clusters, use a prefix no smaller than your zone's default host prefix (a mask no longer than the default) so that host addresses reflect each node's physical location. SUNK uses this location information to place network-adjacent nodes together, which improves distributed-training performance. A prefix smaller than the zone default (a longer mask) doesn't carry this location information, so it produces less optimal placement. If you need a different size, CoreWeave can approve one for your account on request. For non-SUNK VPCs, any prefix size is accepted. However, NVL72 rack-level instances require a primary host prefix no smaller than the Zone's default host prefix. A smaller prefix forces dynamic address allocation and breaks IMEX address mapping across the cluster. If left unspecified, a Zone-specific default value will be applied by the server. See [Host prefixes](https://docs.coreweave.com/products/networking/vpc/create-manage-vpcs#host-prefixes) for details. This field is immutable once set.

Author: Addressed in commit [ba1919c](https://github.com/coreweave/terraform-provider-coreweave/pull/353/commits/ba1919c2f8005d5dd0b545b704bf35830fb80f02)

> - `host_prefixes` (Attributes Set) The IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR ranges used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. For SUNK clusters, use an IPv4 prefix no smaller than your zone's default host prefix (a mask no longer than the default) so that host addresses reflect each node's physical location. SUNK uses this location information to place network-adjacent nodes together, which improves distributed-training performance. A prefix smaller than the zone default (a longer mask) doesn't carry this location information, so it produces less optimal placement. If you need a different size, CoreWeave can approve one for your account on request. For non-SUNK VPCs, any prefix size is accepted. However, NVL72 rack-level instances require a primary host prefix no smaller than the Zone's default host prefix. A smaller prefix forces dynamic address allocation and breaks IMEX address mapping across the cluster. See [Host prefixes](https://docs.coreweave.com/products/networking/vpc/create-manage-vpcs#host-prefixes) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_prefixes))

Author: Addressed in commit [ba1919c](https://github.com/coreweave/terraform-provider-coreweave/pull/353/commits/ba1919c2f8005d5dd0b545b704bf35830fb80f02)

> - `host_prefixes` (Attributes Set) The IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR ranges used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. For SUNK clusters, use an IPv4 prefix no smaller than your Zone's default host prefix (a mask no longer than the default) so that host addresses reflect each node's physical location. SUNK uses this location information to place network-adjacent nodes together, which improves distributed-training performance. A prefix smaller than the Zone default (a longer mask) doesn't carry this location information, so it produces less optimal placement. If you need a different size, CoreWeave can approve one for your account on request. For non-SUNK VPCs, any prefix size is accepted. However, NVL72 rack-level instances require a primary host prefix (`type = PRIMARY`) no smaller than the Zone's default host prefix. A smaller prefix forces dynamic address allocation and breaks IMEX address mapping across the cluster. See [Host prefixes](https://docs.coreweave.com/products/networking/vpc/create-manage-vpcs#host-prefixes) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_prefixes))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `host_prefixes` (Attributes Set) The IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR ranges used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. For SUNK clusters, use an IPv4 prefix no smaller than your Zone's default host prefix (a mask no longer than the default) so that host addresses reflect each node's physical location. SUNK uses this location information to place network-adjacent nodes together, which improves distributed-training performance. A prefix smaller than the Zone default (a longer mask) doesn't carry this location information, so it produces less optimal placement. If you need a different size, CoreWeave can approve one for your account on request. For non-SUNK VPCs, any prefix size is accepted. However, NVL72 rack-level instances require a primary host prefix (`type = PRIMARY`) no smaller than the Zone's default host prefix. A smaller prefix forces dynamic address allocation, which breaks standard IMEX address mapping across the cluster. IMEX with Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) doesn't have this limitation. See [Host prefixes](https://docs.coreweave.com/products/networking/vpc/create-manage-vpcs#host-prefixes) for details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_prefixes))
```

Author: Applied with `make generate`.
